despite pending battlefield 3 release
on march 17 ea and dice work on
further updates for battlefield 4 night
version of several battlefield 4
Maps are planned and some of them
are already on the testserver
available
we played and delivered these
our impression to the changed
play in the dark
Battlefield 4 at light off the
magnificent grasslands of the
Chinese Golmud Lhasa railway connection
provided for the map golmud railway for
hearty butchery with focus on
heavy vehicles now before
prevailing darkness envelops the
landscape in view of consuming black
sniper annoys that very special
from the settlement in the upper part of the
map is the good overview now
lost except one is natural
prepared and uses night vision
However, the essays are not strong
zoom are usable
the mvs really in just so usable
here at least 25 is included
far from practical in the dark
as her nv
the card was 311 at night for
dark gloomy forest of winning
atmosphere speaks for the night cards
Immediately 311 is a good example of this
at cards with architectural requirements
short sight affects that very much
atmospheric at ours
Trial tried out at a art
to detect fog in a short distance
which drastically reduced the visibility
From the helicopter you can see the trees
which we from a kind of fog sea
stand out the focus of the fighting
thus shifts automatically to the
air to dogfight but how is it now
is there a playful added value
you can get to the night cards
graphically already look forward
playfully considering
it just looks wonderful when the
through the air ballistic correct
almost rushing bullets
artistically touched light cool
mission explosion explosion effects one
especially with the right one
graphics card and at high
graphic settings
however, the gameplay does not change
massive at least not in the normal game
mode
Often the opponents are good despite the darkness
recognizable
already tagged by team buddies or
flashing wild on the minimap in hardcore
However, game mode should be dark
become clear game changer
at the current time was the
hardcore mode at night unfortunately
not playable
the evidence for the said assumption
So it's still out anyway will be daily
a text version screwed and ours
first impression mainly refers to
a snapshot of clearly to
appearing moon in our video
Material only became available hours later
not completely removed yet
all light sources can be switched off and dozens
other bugs exist that
development team continues to employ
become
when the night cards in the final
written on the public servers
to appear is unclear
There is definitely some fine tuning
but it is necessary in principle
a nice idea and bring a little
Variation in the except for a few
Exceptions of glorious sunny
sunshine dominated battlefields